c:\users\clombardi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiGraph\DiGraph\bin\Debug\DiGraph.exe.config
c:\users\clombardi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiGraph\DiGraph\bin\Debug\DiGraph.exe
c:\users\clombardi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiGraph\DiGraph\bin\Debug\DiGraph.pdb
c:\users\clombardi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiGraph\DiGraph\bin\Debug\GraphX.PCL.Common.dll
c:\users\clombardi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiGraph\DiGraph\bin\Debug\GraphX.PCL.Logic.dll
c:\users\clombardi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiGraph\DiGraph\bin\Debug\GraphX.WPF.Controls.dll
c:\users\clombardi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiGraph\DiGraph\bin\Debug\QuickGraph.Data.dll
c:\users\clombardi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiGraph\DiGraph\bin\Debug\QuickGraph.dll
c:\users\clombardi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiGraph\DiGraph\bin\Debug\QuickGraph.Graphviz.dll
c:\users\clombardi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiGraph\DiGraph\bin\Debug\QuickGraph.Serialization.dll
c:\users\clombardi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiGraph\DiGraph\bin\Debug\QuickGraph.xml
c:\users\clombardi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiGraph\DiGraph\bin\Debug\QuickGraph.Data.xml
c:\users\clombardi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiGraph\DiGraph\bin\Debug\QuickGraph.Graphviz.xml
c:\users\clombardi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiGraph\DiGraph\bin\Debug\QuickGraph.Serialization.xml
c:\users\clombardi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiGraph\DiGraph\obj\Debug\DiGraph.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\clombardi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiGraph\DiGraph\obj\Debug\DiGraph.exe
c:\users\clombardi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiGraph\DiGraph\obj\Debug\DiGraph.pdb
c:\users\clombardi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiGraph\DiGraph\bin\Debug\Neo4j.Driver.dll
c:\users\clombardi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiGraph\DiGraph\bin\Debug\Sockets.Plugin.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\clombardi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiGraph\DiGraph\bin\Debug\Sockets.Plugin.dll
c:\users\clombardi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiGraph\DiGraph\bin\Debug\Neo4j.Driver.pdb
c:\users\clombardi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiGraph\DiGraph\bin\Debug\Neo4j.Driver.xml
c:\users\clombardi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiGraph\DiGraph\bin\Debug\Sockets.Plugin.pdb
c:\users\clombardi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiGraph\DiGraph\bin\Debug\Sockets.Plugin.xml
c:\users\clombardi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiGraph\DiGraph\bin\Debug\Sockets.Plugin.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\clombardi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiGraph\DiGraph\bin\Debug\Sockets.Plugin.Abstractions.xml
